Linglong, why did you bring a man back?
Who is he?
You bad girl
Let me introduce you
This is my husband, Ye Feng
My Husband
What the hell is going on here?
Doesn't Miss Shangguan have an engagement with the official plan?
What's going on?
Shangguan Linglong
How dare you!
How dare you ignore the engagement your grandmother made for you
Silently carrying the family
Bringing a wild man through the door
You are not paying attention to the official's family.
I didn't even pay attention to my grandmother
Linglong
Is that true?
You are ridiculous
Marriage of an aristocratic family
Do you have the final say?
Shangguan Linglong
Look what you've done.
Our Shangguan family's birthday banquet
Can anyone get in?
Why don't you take him out of here?
Lest a mouse shit be exchanged for a pot of soup
Grandma marriage event
How dare Linglong make her own decisions?
Ye Feng is grandfather Shangguan Wuji
The engagement partner personally set that year
Why can't he enter the Shangguan family's birthday banquet?
Is this the Guan family?
Why did you read out another marriage contract?
Listen to what he means
It seems that the joint is behind
Do you want me to break my word in Shangguan's house?